I don’t get you.
You‘d better wear a light jacket.
You may as well tell me the truth.
Tom used to be a fancy lawyer.
Tom didn't tell us how big your house was.
They live in a beautiful house.
Being late is never okay.
I just walked on the lamest window.
They got off on the wrong foot.
They broke his hand.
The sun is shining.
I hope you're ready for action.
He wished that time would pass faster.
Would you like a drink of my smoothie?
What animal would you be and why?
Has your brother come from Paris?
A hunch is an instinctive feeling.
Soccer is the devil's sport.
Her grandmother gave her the bracelet.
I am afraid of dark afternoons.
It won’t happen in our lifetime.
You make me so happy.
He has quite a few friends.
She is my mother.
This is the biggest bookstore in town.
Can’t wait to meet the baby.
I like the Wimbledon.
We have a juice bar.
I want to meet his sister-in-law.
Nothing hurts like the truth.
I could help dad around here.
The newspaper got wet in the rain.
I have bought the car.
Save your appetite for dinner.
The train was forty-seven minutes late.
Stand up straight!
Somebody help me!
Yesterday he saw a skinny man.
You can tell that the horse is fast.
More people have been to Russia than I have.
My water bottle is white and made of steel.
I just made it.
That’s a wrap for me.
Sloths hang upside down in trees.
He's trying to protect everyone.
She took offense at his comment.
The first baseman caught the fly ball.
Truman's first big problem was the economy.
This place is big enough for both of us.
She wasn't sure if she liked him or not.
I was born a very grumpy baby.
You didn’t tell me you wanted to come.
I have 60 pairs of shoes.
Let me see!
What room am I in?
Don’t be nervous!
Don’t get too excited!
This hall holds 2,000 people.
I had a beta fish.
I like veggies too.
Honesty is the best policy.
I forgot my shopping list at home.
I'm going to the concert.
I wonder why they left my name off the list.
I'll make a list and give it to Samantha.
You set me up and I don't appreciate it.
There's a gross fly on the ceiling.
It’s as quick as lightning.
Tom gave Mary an obvious wink.
We can’t get there on time.
These sunglasses are too shiny.
He won an election.
His chest is muscular.
What a big supermarket!
Don't go there!
May I come in?
I am afraid of dark afternoons.
My teacher told Pat to lower his voice.
Bonds are safer.
I’m excited about the future.
She was shaking like a chihuahua.
He has a very interesting looking face.
Sports is one outlet to let off steam.
I love you, but I'm sorry, I have to go.
The swan is a beautiful bird.
All my friends are going, so I want to go.
They're a guerilla movement.
I forgot my shopping list at home.
He fell behind with his work.
My grandmother's death was a big shock.
You need to look at the big picture here.
He won an election.
Trees are small when they are first planted.
The sun comes up in the east.
You can make ice cream.
This hall holds 2,000 people.
This is my younger brother.
We look forward to your visit.
Apple picking is not in season.
Don't forget to wash behind your knees.
I want to pull my hair out.
It was a massive lightning storm.
She’s an excellent photographer.
I have 60 pairs of shoes.
She sells Christmas trees.
Now, you know what I'm capable of.
This could become a problem.
We had a snow storm last weekend.
Didn't we already go to his funeral?
What a big supermarket!
What’s the matter?
How big an idiot do you think I am?
She became homeless after she was evicted.
I'll see to it.
My friends are getting dinner tonight,.
No woman would buy that.
A wooden bridge was built over the river.
You must have a huge family.
Beauty is in the eyes of the beholder.
My small pet mouse escaped from his cage.
The peanut butter jar was hard to open.
I've always been a big fan of Jean Reno.
They have a big lunch and a small dinner.
I need to stop.
Japanese tourists abroad are big spenders.
Albert Einstein was kind of smart.
There is a dictionary open on the table.
The dessert tasted very sweet.
Get your act together!
Do you think it's too aggressive to sue?
The Avengers should start over.
When I am hungry, I eat food.
I wanted you to choose me.
Mary brushes her teeth twice a day.
Her landlord kept her apartment very warm.
We've got bigger problems to deal with.
They're not big fans of mine.
I’d like to honor a person.
When I am hungry, I eat food.
You did right in me by telling the truth.
They will be here shortly.
I drink when I am thirsty.
The work itself is very easy.
Those apples are very red.
After he arrives, we’ll all come out.
We are completely in love.
It's rare to find big yards in Japan.
Its origin is still a mystery.
Watch out, there's quicksand!
Business costs will go down.
Are your grandparents still living?
Look at the blackboard!
There’s not much chance of that actually happening.
We can make ice cream.
He's not the sharpest knife in the drawer.
She had frozen pizza every night for dinner for a week.
She painted her face purple for Halloween, so she could go as a grape.
Imagine I am deciding if I like some new, heretofore untasted food.
Water damage sucks.
Michael doesn’t work.
This hall holds 2,000 people.
The fan was blowing on my feet.
It was their favorite store to shop at.
The planet hadn't yet been discovered.
I am so thankful for this opportunity.
A big tree in the field was struck by lightning.
In city after city, big public meetings were held.
Her brother broke his arm playing hockey.
It is a myth that the Great Wall of China can be seen from space.
Are your grandparents doing well?
Learning about other countries history is fun.
This should help you remember.
It’s four a.m. and both of us would rather be asleep.
A few turned their heads to look at each other deliberately: this was a strange present.
We still have a couple of big decisions to make.
He couldn't afford to eat anything but ramen and rice.
The man at the coffeeshop had been sitting there alone for some time before he was joined by a very beautiful woman.
She was very hungry but unwilling to cut their coffee date short.
She regretted not going until she saw the pictures they posted of the meet-up and realized she would have been the only woman there.
That's one of her favorite activities: to put on a classic rock playlist and wake surf until she couldn't feel her legs.
Me and my sister don’t see each other anymore.
Tom started a list so he wouldn't forget anything.
One day, maybe, she'd be interested, but not right now.
I think we’ve got just enough time to learn a few more irregular verbs.
Her friend had a white Persian cat called Milky Boy.
He pulled out my chair for me and called me 'sweet pea.'.
Aluminum helps to keep your food fresh for longer.
This big sofa is really not suitable for a small room.
Would you like to go out and get something to eat?
Why do you keep asking such obvious questions?
Let's all just take a moment to breathe, please!
Do you mind waiting an extra hour so I can read more of my book?
She had frozen pizza every night for dinner for a week.
My home is bright pink and has yellow flowers growing all around it.
The baby was so cute but she was crying so loud I had to plug my ears.
My favorite thing about dancing is listening to the music.
I think they might have made a mistake in letting people tweet.
She twisted her ankle and couldn't go to soccer anymore.
She didn't know what else she could have done.
She cut out stars and taped them all over her dress.
The red van was pulling a trailer with a beat-up lawn mower on it.
My mother looks a lot like my grandmother, and I look a lot like them.
I went to the dentist the other day, and he let me pick a prize out of the prize box.
There was a point in my life when my dreams didn't seem possible.
I like articles deemed fake news because they are entertaining.
Tom is used to driving a pickup truck, but he's never driven a monster truck.
I wouldn’t be surprised if Peter asked Jill to marry him.
She wished she had the budget to buy take-out, because she really wanted Thai food.
Let's all just take a moment to breathe, please!
Did you hear about the big earthquake in Japan?
There is nobody more powerful than someone who is extremely intelligent but also extremely humble.
He was very excited to see her, after two months away.
The library had frustratingly short business hours.
It’s not so bad when you think of the positive impacts.
The earthquake shook the books off the desk and onto the floor.
He's got some brain condition that makes him think he's a flamingo.
The guy I met online is probably a psychopath.
She works for a big advertising firm in New York.
She always wanted to live in a house that had big windows and ivy growing on the brick walls.
He often wished he was born in a time before social media.
The crowd gave the winner a round of applause.
I stepped into the elevator and pressed the down button.
She was hypercritical of all writers, even those who had been published and became successful.
I found a gold coin on the playground after school today.
The big ugly tree destroys the beauty of the house.
He banged his head against a shelf and got a big lump.
In Hong Kong, everyone lives stacked together.
The laptop light was the only one light on the room.
If you could live anywhere, where would you live and why?
Hayley Wickenheiser is an incredible human being.
Where have you lived and which was your favorite place?
Yes, I consider reading philosophy to be a form of therapy.
He is trying to imitate the speaker's pronunciation.
The shitty thing about having a big account is you can end up generating a huge amount of controversy just by tweeting something totally normal and obvious, like 'I love my wife.'.
I owe you a big one for getting me out of the jam.
I found a gold coin on the playground after school today.
In Japan there aren't any lakes bigger than Lake Biwa.
She wasn't sure how people with full-time jobs managed the lack of vacation days.
She had frozen pizza every night for dinner for a week.
She preferred Pages to Word but had to use Word for the people who didn't have Apple devices.
I'm not 100% sure, but I think postmodern neo-marxists have something to do with it.
The baby threw up all over her new white dress.
The company is listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
She had a hard time finding laundry detergent when she was traveling.
The conversion rate of USD to Chinese RMB is approximately 1:6.
If I could recommend anything to try, it's my chiropractor, Hernando.
This recipe has been in my family for 100 years.
She started wondering if he was cheating on her when she saw the receipt for an expensive jewelry purchase.
On the other hand, I feel like I just have to do it for my sanity.
I got my hair cut today and they did it way too short.
What kind of sentence are you looking for anyway?
If she wiggled her nose around she could make herself sneeze at will.
Let's all just take a moment to breathe, please!
There used to be a big cherry tree in the garden.
You find people expressing many different opinions.
My shoes are blue with yellow stripes and green stars on the front.
Me and my sister don’t see each other anymore.
I told him I’d spank the suitcase for being bad.
I’ve been able to cure my neighbor’s sick cat.
She waited until the elevator was full to clear her throat and say, “You guys might be wondering why I called this meeting.